Track 06.09
Presenter: Welcome to the show.
This week we’re talking to people who live
and work in Scotland.
Today, my guest is 44-year-old Ian Baker.
Which part of Scotland are you from, Ian?
Ian: I’m from a village near Aberdeen.
Presenter: And what do you do?
Ian: Well, I’m a businessman.
My wife Rita and I have a factory in Aberdeen.
Presenter: That’s interesting.
How many people work there?
Ian: We have 90 workers.
Presenter: And what do you make?
Ian: Computers for schools.
Presenter: Do you like your work?
Ian: Yes, I do. I work long hours.
I start at 7 or 8 in the morning and
finish at 7 or 8 in the evening.
But my job is never boring.
I’m not in my office every day.
I go to different places
and I meet a lot of people,
for example, the teachers
and children who use our computers.
Presenter: Are all your customers here in the UK?
Ian: No, some customers are here, but
schools in South America also buy our computers,
so I often fly to Brazil for meetings.
Presenter: Are your meetings in English?
Ian: Sometimes,
but we usually speak in Portuguese.
Presenter: Does your wife go with you?
Ian: No, she works with our
customers in the UK
and the rest of Europe.
Presenter: And how often do you ...